fix(composables): load shipping address association (#1074)
shopware/frontends: .changeset/afraid-keys-hear.md

---
"@shopware-pwa/helpers-next": patch
---

> Removed optional chaining for translated properties

Reviewer: what is exact change in API of helpers, needs to be described here

> Removed optional chaining for translated properties. Expecting a different argument's type for `getLanguageName` and `getShippingMethodDeliveryTime` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed optional chaining for translated properties. Expecting a different argument type for the `getLanguageName` and `getShippingMethodDeliveryTime` methods.
```
